Update doc to deploy Cinder Netapp NFS backend (#818)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_adopting-the-block-storage-service.adoc

            rbd_flatten_volume_from_snapshot=False
            report_discard_supported=True
----
+
. Configure the NetApp NFS Block Storage volume service:
.. Create secrets that includes sensitive information such as hostnames, passwords, and usernames to access the third-party NetApp NFS storage. You can find the credentials in the `cinder.conf` file that was generated from the {OpenStackPreviousInstaller} deployment.
+
[source,yaml]
----
$ oc apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  labels:
    service: cinder
    component: cinder-volume
  name: cinder-volume-ontap-secrets
type: Opaque
stringData:
  ontap-cinder-secrets: |
    [ontap-nfs]
    netapp_login= netapp_username
    netapp_password= netapp_password
    netapp_vserver= netapp_vserver
    nas_host= netapp_nfsip
    nas_share_path=/netapp_nfspath
    netapp_pool_name_search_pattern=(netapp_poolpattern)
EOF
----

> .. Patch the `OpenStackControlPlane` CR to deploy NetApp NFS Block Storage volume backend:
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Patch the `OpenStackControlPlane` CR to deploy NetApp NFS Block Storage volume back end:
+
----
```

            rbd_flatten_volume_from_snapshot=False
            report_discard_supported=True
----
+
. Configure the NetApp NFS Block Storage volume service:

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: done

> . Configure the NetApp NFS Block Storage volume service:
> +
> * Create secrets that includes sensitive information such as hostnames, passwords, and usernames to access the third-party NetApp NFS storage. You can find the credentials in the `cinder.conf` file that was generated from the {OpenStackPreviousInstaller} deployment.
> +
> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the NetApp NFS Block Storage volume service:
.. Create secrets that includes sensitive information such as hostnames, passwords, and usernames to access the third-party NetApp NFS storage. You can find the credentials in the `cinder.conf` file that was generated from the {OpenStackPreviousInstaller} deployment.
+
[source,yaml]
```
Based on your earlier comment, I'm changing the asterisk to two dots (..) to make it a substep.

----
$ oc apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  labels:
    service: cinder
    component: cinder-volume
  name: cinder-volume-ontap-secrets
type: Opaque
stringData:
  ontap-cinder-secrets: |
    [ontap-nfs]
    netapp_login= netapp_username
    netapp_password= netapp_password
    netapp_vserver= netapp_vserver
    nas_host= netapp_nfsip
    nas_share_path=/netapp_nfspath
    netapp_pool_name_search_pattern=(netapp_poolpattern)
EOF
----

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> * Patch the `OpenStackControlPlane` CR to deploy Netapp Nfs cinder volume backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Patch the `OpenStackControlPlane` CR to deploy Netapp Nfs cinder volume backend.
```

> .. Patch the `OpenStackControlPlane` CR to deploy Netapp Nfs cinder volume backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Patch the `OpenStackControlPlane` CR to deploy Netapp Nfs cinder volume backend:
+
```

----
$ oc patch openstackcontrolplane openstack --type=merge --patch-file=<cinder_netappNFS.patch>
----
+
* The following example shows a `cinder_netappNFS.patch` file that configures a Netapp NFS Block Storage volume service:
+
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  cinder:
    enabled: true
    template:
      cinderVolumes:
        ontap-nfs:
          networkAttachments:
            - storage
          customServiceConfig: |
            [ontap-nfs]
            volume_backend_name=ontap-nfs
            volume_driver=cinder.volume.drivers.netapp.common.NetAppDriver
            nfs_snapshot_support=true
            nas_secure_file_operations=false
            nas_secure_file_permissions=false
            netapp_server_hostname= netapp_backendip
            netapp_server_port=80
            netapp_storage_protocol=nfs
            netapp_storage_family=ontap_cluster
          customServiceConfigSecrets:
          - cinder-volume-ontap-secrets
----

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

            rbd_flatten_volume_from_snapshot=False
            report_discard_supported=True
----
+

> * Configure Netapp Nfs cinder volume service:
> +
> * Create secrets for Netapp Nfs backend that includes sensitive information like hostnames, passwords and usernames to access the thrid party Netapp Nfs storage.
>   Find the credentials from the cinder.conf generated from tripleo deployment.
> [source,yaml]
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the NetApp NFS Block Storage volume service with the secrets for the NetApp NFS Block Storage back end: 
+
The secrets include sensitive information such as hostnames, passwords, and usernames to access the third-party NetApp NFS storage. You can find the credentials in the `cinder.conf` file that was generated from the {OpenStackPreviousInstaller} deployment.
 +
[source,yaml]
----
```
I changed the format from an unordered list to a step. 
I also have a question about the following text: "Find the credentials from the cinder.conf generated from tripleo deployment".  Does that mean that the hostnames, usernames, and passwords that they need to configure in this step come from the cinder.conf file?

Author: yes , we generate cinder.conf from the tripleo deployment in the prerequisites , all the credentials needed in the step should be captured from cinder.conf.

Author: i wanted a section 'Configure the NetApp NFS Block Storage volume service'  which can be a step
 under the step ^ ,  two sub sections
 1. create secrets with a sample yaml
 2. Patch the `OpenStackControlPlane` CR to deploy Netapp Nfs cinder volume backend
I will consider few text changes suggested by you and update the patch.

$ oc apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  labels:
    service: cinder
    component: cinder-volume
  name: cinder-volume-ontap-secrets
type: Opaque
stringData:
  ontap-cinder-secrets: |
    [ontap-nfs]
    netapp_login= netapp_username
    netapp_password= netapp_password
    netapp_vserver= netapp_vserver
    nas_host= netapp_nfsip
    nas_share_path=/netapp_nfspath
    netapp_pool_name_search_pattern=(netapp_poolpattern)
EOF
----
+

> * The following example shows  `cinder_netappNFS.patch` file for configuring a Netapp Nfs cinder volume service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The following example shows a `cinder_netappNFS.patch` file that configures a NetApp NFS Block Storage volume service:
+
```

Author: done

[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  cinder:
    enabled: true
    template:
      cinderVolumes:
        ontap-nfs:
          networkAttachments:
            - storage
          customServiceConfig: |
            [ontap-nfs]
            volume_backend_name=ontap-nfs
            volume_driver=cinder.volume.drivers.netapp.common.NetAppDriver
            nfs_snapshot_support=true
            nas_secure_file_operations=false
            nas_secure_file_permissions=false
            netapp_server_hostname= netapp_backendip
            netapp_server_port=80
            netapp_storage_protocol=nfs
            netapp_storage_family=ontap_cluster
          customServiceConfigSecrets:
          - cinder-volume-ontap-secrets
----

> +
> * Patch the `OpenStackControlPlane` CR to deploy Netapp Nfs cinder volume backend.
> ----
> $ oc patch openstackcontrolplane openstack --type=merge --patch-file=<cinder_netappNFS.patch>
> ----
> +
> +
> . Check if all the services are up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Patch the `OpenStackControlPlane` CR to deploy the NetApp NFS Block Storage volume back end:
+
----
$ oc patch openstackcontrolplane openstack --type=merge --patch-file=<cinder_netappNFS.patch>
----

. Check if all the services are up and running.
```
I also changed this text from an unordered list to an ordered step.
